[Saul] Get back! Get back!
[indistinct shouting]
[firefighter]
The World Trade Center,
Tower Number One is on fire!
[Carrie] I missed something
once before, I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
An American prisoner
of war has been turned.
You're a disgrace
to your nation,
Sgt. Nicholas Brody.
You're a traitor
and a terrorist,
and now it's time
to pay for that.
Are you accusing me
of something?
[Yevgeny]
You really do not remember?
[Carrie] Remember what?
[Jim] We may be
dealing with a compromised
officer here.
[Saul] You had a relationship
complicated enough
to lie about.
[Carrie]
Yeah, it's complicated.
I lost seven months of my life.
...to my Russian handler?
[Joe] Is our strategy working?
And you will become
the focus of an investigation
that will define
the rest of your life.
[Carrie] That not
every problem
in the Middle East
deserves a military solution.
[Carrie]
Because this whole country
went stupid crazy after 9/11.
[Saul]
Carrie, you're not yourself.
[Carrie] I'm still
putting the pieces together.
[Saul] Please, God,
tell me you have it.
[Quinn] Is there no
fucking line?
[Saul] I believe you.
No one else will.
[dramatic music playing]
So I get my wish.
To travel the streets
of Kabul one more time
without hiding.
[Saul] It's not over.
After G'ulom releases
your men and they're safely
out of the city,
we'll throw the spotlight
on you, your trial.
G'ulom is the government now.
He'll have to behave
with the whole world watching.
G'ulom doesn't care
what the world thinks.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Haissam...
I'm ready.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[in Dari] Release them.
[people clamoring]
[Saul] You have
an opportunity here.
Show the world
what justice means
in your country now.
We called
the Taliban savages
when they executed people
in this stadium 20 years ago.
Show us things have changed.
What has changed?
Not the Taliban.
Not America.
Still not understanding
anything about us
even after all these years.
[man] Khalifa! Khalifa!
[people clamoring]
[speaking Pashto]
[in Dari] Keep them moving!
Those are his people.
They control half your country.
If you don't
treat him with respect,
your world will explode.
Give him a fair trial.
[clamor continues]
[tense music playing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[indistinct chatter]
[Mike] One second.
[whispering] Jenna.
Saul.
I took Carrie to the airport
last night for her flight
to Germany, as you asked.
I escorted her to the gate,
watched her walk down
the jetway--
[Mike] To make
a long story short,
she never got on the plane.
Instead, she takes off
with a GRU officer.
Who else? Yevgeny Gromov.
I don't know if she's been
working with him since Russia,
or they just ran
into each other here,
or she pulled
a Kim Philby or what.
-Where are they?
-Who knows?
Twelve-hour head start.
They could be in Moscow by now.
I don't think so.
When I talked to her
yesterday, she was concerned
about her friend Max.
As far as she could tell,
no one was looking for him.
Oh, Christ.
She'd gone to Yevgeny about it.
What?
Russians have better contacts
in the tribal areas.
She thought she could
take advantage of that.
And I'm just hearing
about it now?
[clicks tongue]
It's why I sent her home.
I'm turning this
over to the FBI,
which I would have done
yesterday if you hadn't
talked me out of it.
Do what you have to.
Just get her back.
[tense music playing]
[woman on radio
speaking Russian]
He turned himself in.
Haqqani did.
"The mastermind
behind the downing
of the President's helicopter."
That's what
they're calling him.
You don't believe it?
Do you?
He is capable.
Yeah, if what you mean is
he doesn't mind seeing
America hurt.
But how'd he get the intel?
How'd he know
the President's helicopter
would be in that exact place
at that exact time?
I don't know.
See, I do.
Or at least I know
what certain people
in the CIA think.
An American traitor, me,
passed the intel
to a Russian handler, you,
who in turn alerted Haqqani.
They actually believe that?
Some do.
If they weren't sure before,
they will be now.
Since we're out here together.
Ironic.
Yeah.
[man speaking Pashto]
What's going on?
[tense music playing]
[Gromov] Stay here.
[Yevgeny sighs]
[speaking Pashto]
[indistinct conversation]
[man speaking other language]
-We okay?
-Yeah, they're my guys.
[engine starting]
They have a line on Max.
[tense music playing]
[sheep bleating]
[indistinct chatter]
[door closes]
-Salaam alaikum.
[sighs]
[chatter continues]
[engine sputtering]
[animal bleats]
[indistinct chatter]
[breathing raggedly]
[man] Weapons free.
Ten seconds to impact.
[breathing heavily]
[Gromov] You really
should stay in the car.
-Quit fucking with me.
-What?
Quit fucking with me!
I'm not.
What, so it's just
a coincidence we end up here?
Wait, you came to me for help.
You don't get to complain.
About this, yeah.
Yeah, I do. [scoffs]
[sighs deeply]
You want to use
my contacts, right?
Where do you think
they come from, huh?
It's places like this.
Every time America comes in
and bombs a bunch of civilians,
it's an opportunity for us.
We come in,
we rebuild the mosque,
we help people
get their lives back together.
We make friends.
That's how it works.
So is it a coincidence
we're here?
No, but it doesn't mean
I'm fucking with you.
Okay?
What did the Imam say?
He knows where Max is.
It's not far.
It's important
we get this right,
or we'll be looking
at a level of Taliban violence
we haven't seen
in a dozen years.
Haqqani's not just some leader.
He is the living, breathing
avatar of his people,
and I do not get the feeling
G'ulom appreciates that,
or more likely,
he does appreciate it
and he wants to snuff it out.
What are you pushing, exactly?
[Saul] Rule of law.
Some semblance
of a fair trial.
We've spent hundreds
of millions of dollars
setting up
a judicial system here.
Let's make it work for once.
We got word that
G'ulom has already appointed
the three-judge panel.
Right, which in theory
means he's following
the constitution.
In practice, though,
they're gonna do
what G'ulom wants.
I don't know
what could be done,
if anything,
but I do know the lead judge
from these women's
leadership events
at the embassy, Haziq Qadir.
She's fair, independent.
Obviously, that has limits.
If there's a way into this,
it's probably her.
Will this judge
be open to a meeting?
I can ask.
[Wellington clears throat]
Mr. President.
I was looking for you.
Can... can we
pick this up later?
Oh, no, no.
No, no, please.
-Carry on.
-[indistinct whispering]
I'll just listen in.
Saul, you were saying something
about contacting a judge?
Yes, sir, I was.
Well, what about?
Submitting evidence
on Haqqani's behalf.
The fact is, sir,
we're in possession
of a signals intercept
that all but proves
Haqqani's innocence.
In it, he's dressing down
his son, Jalal,
for an attack
on a government outpost
in Sang-e-Masha.
He also goes on at length
about the need for peace
and insists that any further
violence, uh, be stopped
immediately, which it was.
I can testify to
Haqqani's mindset
based on my meetings with him,
but it will have nowhere
near the impact of hearing
Haqqani in his own words,
in his own voice,
foreswearing violence.
Problem is this.
Currently, the intercept
is highly classified.
One of the things I wanted to
discuss with this room
is how we undo that.
May I say something?
Because I see another problem.
And forgive me if you've
already discussed this.
I was a little late
to the party, as you know.
Tomorrow, the body
of President Ralph Warner
will arrive
at Dover Air Force Base.
I will be there to receive it
right next to the president's
grieving widow.
And here's what
people will be asking...
What are we doing to avenge
her murdered husband?
That's what Americans
everywhere will be asking,
everywhere
but here in this room,
where for some reason
the question is,
"How do we help the man
who murdered him?"
-Mr. President--
-[Hayes] No!
You will not expose
our classified materials.
our sources and methods.
[inhales]
Didn't think I knew that term,
did you, Saul?
Get me the goddamn action plan
I asked for two days ago.
[door opens, slams]
[sighs]
It was you, wasn't it?
The air strike
on the village.
You were Kabul's
chief of station then.
You must have signed off.
I didn't know.
I mean, I...
I didn't put it together.
I didn't.
You know who the target was?
Haqqani.
[sighs] He was
supposed to be there.
He wasn't.
A wedding party was.
Including
a half dozen children.
It changed everything.
-You left the CIA.
-No, not at first.
What I did first was
double down on getting Haqqani.
That's... that's how I thought
I could make things right.
Then more people died.
Cracks began to appear
in my resolve.
And that is when
I left the CIA.
[sighs]
Did you really not know?
About the village,
that I was the one
who pulled the trigger?
-I said.
-Well, say it again.
Because, to be honest,
I'm not quite sure
what you're doing here.
I'm trying to find your friend.
[tense music playing]
[speaks Pashto]
-[Gromov] Salaam alaikum.
-[man] Wa-alaikum salaam.
We're here to pick up
the American.
No, the American
is not for sale.
We were just with Maulawi Saib,
and he said everything
was arranged.
With respect,
Maulawi Saib is mistaken.
-You may visit the American.
-No.
-Not take him.
-Is he inside?
Wait, wait, wait. Business.
The Imam said
it's $2,000 for us
to take the American with us.
Now, a visit
is worth much less.
Look at me. Look at me.
I got more money here.
If you want the rest of it...
-[groans] Carrie.
-[Carrie] Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
[groaning] Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fine.
-Yeah.
-Let me see.
[winces]
I had it.
The black box.
[panting] But he sold it
to some other guy,
this guy Firooz.
All my other stuff,
he sold it to someone.
They took it somewhere,
it was Koa or Kowa or...
-Kohat.
-Yeah.
Yeah, we...
we passed the cutoff
on the way here.
-I don't know what's on it.
-That's okay.
I just didn't want him to know
how important it was.
Max, listen to me,
you did good. You did good.
But I'm worried
about your back.
Yeah, that fucker shot me.
I think the bullet's
still in there.
What have they given you
for infection?
Nothing.
Where...
where are you going?
Back to the truck.
They must have something.
Antibiotics.
No, you can't. Carrie,
we don't have much time.
What do you mean?
Max?
[indistinct talking]
[Gromov] This isn't right.
You hear me?
This isn't right.
No. No.
What do you think
you're doing?
[Max] Carrie.
[Max groans]
[Carrie] Where
are you taking him?
I'll find you, Max.
Do you hear me?
I will find you.
[Max groaning softly]
[Gromov]
Where are they taking him?
Look over here, where?
Turn around, look.
What's the name of the man
you gave the key to?
[man] I don't know him.
What do you mean,
you don't know him?
-I honestly don't--
-Turn around, look.
There's three cars
here full of Talibs.
-I don't know.
-Where are they going?
In the hills somewhere,
I tell you--
-Hill where?
Where are they going?
-Honestly, I don't know.
-Tell me where they're taking
him, you motherfucker!
-[Yevgeny shushing]
[speaking Pashto]
-I will take care of this.
-[Carrie breathing heavily]
[breathing heavily]
[tense music playing]
Tell me where they are going.
Tell me and you will get
the rest of this.
-[breathing heavily]
-[Gromov] Hmm?
Or otherwise,
we have a problem.
[Hayes] Nine months
in office. Not the shortest
presidential term ever.
That would be
William Henry Harrison, also
responsible for his own demise.
You, on the other hand,
are a survivor. [inhales]
The chief of staff
for a president who's nearly
assassinated, then resigns.
Chief of staff
for her successor.
He's coming home
in a body bag.
Sir, if you want
my resignation--
Did I say that?
What I want is your loyalty.
That is not the vibe
I get when I walk
into the situation room.
You're huddled there
behind my back.
Well?
Clearly, I need guidelines,
which meetings you want to
attend and--
Bullshit, that wasn't
a meeting, it was a cabal,
led by the same man
who told the President
it was safe
to trust a terrorist.
Okay. Say it was.
Then the last thing you want
is for them to be there
and neither of us
is in the room,
because then we're outside
the information flow,
and then you've got a problem.
Fine.
-Sir?
-Fine.
We'll leave you there
for now.
In the information flow.
Excuse me.
[whispered conversations]
[Hayes] Doris.
I'm so sorry.
We all are.
He was a good man.
Don't.
You drop a bomb on him
and then fly an empty casket
7,500 miles
so you can look, what,
presidential?
That's why we're here.
And don't tell me
how sorry you are.
[somber music playing]
[Doris exhales deeply]
You invited him?
He asked to come
to pay his respects.
Respects. To my husband.
When that man spent the last
six months attacking him.
Doris, let go of me, please.
Mr. President.
Mr. President, it's good
to meet you in person.
Finally.
National Security Advisor.
I finally hear from you.
It's good to see you again.
-I hope so.
-[whirring]
[door shuts]
Saul.
I was under the impression
we'd have the chance
to speak alone.
I have no secrets
from Tasneem.
I understand.
The fact is,
we've been at odds lately.
So you go
behind my back again.
I ask an old friend
for advice. [chuckles]
Anything you want to say,
you can say to us both.
Please.
[Saul] Haissam Haqqani
is now in custody in Kabul.
General G'ulom
wants a firing squad.
There will be a trial first.
Show trial at best.
Unless we intervene.
-We?
-Yes. [breathes deeply]
'Cause we know the truth,
the three of us.
Haissam Haqqani
didn't shoot down
the President's helicopter,
quite the opposite.
He was looking forward
to meeting the men on board.
He wanted to stop the fighting.
I have signals intercepts
to prove it.
So make them public.
I've been told
in no uncertain terms
I can't.
Or maybe you don't
actually have them.
Your father and I
have an agreement.
Whatever we say out there,
here in this room,
we tell the truth.
You want to be here,
then you do that, too.
You know I have them.
You worked with Haqqani
for decades.
You knew his mind
had changed.
He wanted peace.
What do you want?
Anything that might
slow the trial.
prevent the violence that
would follow his execution.
Oh.
You want us to compromise
our sources.
Yes.
If that's what it takes.
Haqqani's outlived
his usefulness to you.
You think
you don't care if he dies.
I'm telling you, you should.
When those helicopters
went down, two things
changed in my country.
An inexperienced president
came to power.
The American people
were wounded,
demanding action.
We know what happens next.
We've been here before.
How does a weak president
show he's strong?
He goes to war.
And that's what
will happen again,
unless sensible people can
put aside their differences.
You want us to work together?
Yes.
Like '79, when the Soviets
invaded Afghanistan.
We were friends then.
And after 9/11,
when you needed us,
friends again.
In between,
not such good friends.
You forget us.
No, not forget.
You'd lecture,
belittle, withhold aid,
violate our borders,
send your drones
to murder our citizens.
Until you need our help,
and then here you are,
in my living room,
saying we're friends again.
I thought you said,
in here, we tell the truth.
If war starts in Afghanistan--
You'll be burned, not us.
We'll be hurt, yes.
But we're 7,000 miles away.
You live here.
The war will land on you.
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
Back to the airport.
Please.
I'll help you.
Why?
I don't want to watch
the world burn.
-[engine starts]
-[sighs]
[dramatic music playing]
[Carrie] Yeah,
they've put guards out front.
It must be Max.
They look like teenagers.
What, are we going to
surprise them?
Grab your friend, hmm?
-The three of us.
-Four.
I can handle myself.
I'm not starting
a war with the Taliban.
[birds chirping]
[Gromov sighs]
[tense music playing]
[Gromov] Who are you calling?
Saul Berenson.
-You think that's a good idea?
-It's an idea.
He can order up
an extraction team.
[Carrie sighs]
[line ringing]
[answering machine]
Saul Berenson.
Leave a message.
-[sighs]
-[phone beeps]
[breathing heavily]
[phone beeps]
[line ringing]
-[phone ringing]
-Jenna Bragg.
It's Carrie.
[breathing heavily]
-I need your help.
-Are you kidding?
You ditched me
at the airport,
-made me look like an idiot.
-You're right, I'm sorry.
-It's Carrie Mathison.
-Now, can you just listen,
please?
What are you doing, Carrie?
I found Max.
[door clicks shut]
Who are you with?
He's at an isolated farm,
7 miles across
the Pakistan border.
Okay, write this down.
32, 97, 00 north.
70, 27, 76 east.
He's been shot,
he's critical,
being held by seven Taliban,
mostly teenagers,
armed only with rifles.
Get a drone overhead.
It'll confirm.
-Tell me you got that.
-Yeah.
Then pass it
to Special Operations,
get a rescue mission going.
He's close to the border,
lightly guarded,
God knows for how long.
Will you talk to Special Ops?
Do you have any idea
the trouble you're in?
Mike, will you talk to them?
Yes.
Thank you.
[Mike] Y our case is now
with the FBI.
You're officially a fugitive.
You know what that means?
Carrie?
An unscheduled summit.
That's what
they're calling it.
Oh, they're wondering
what we'll do.
We will do what we agreed.
The Taliban declared war,
we give them war.
Yes.
Except we've been giving them
war for 18 years.
Bullshit.
You didn't fight for 18 years.
You fought for eight weeks.
You invaded Afghanistan
with 12 men and airpower,
bombed the Taliban to shit,
and in days, they were
lining up to surrender.
They were making deals,
shaving their beards.
You'd won.
Then you gave up
and left to Iraq.
Fight like you did then,
you will win again.
You.
Once Haqqani's gone,
the Taliban will be leaderless.
Now is the time to act.
When Haqqani's gone.
Which will be very, very soon.
Maybe.
I, uh, stumbled
into a meeting, my advisors--
Fuck your advisors.
They are the same men who
sent Warner into the Korangal,
waving the white flag.
Believe me, I know,
and now they're unhappy
about this trial
you've got going in Kabul.
How unhappy?
Very.
[tense music playing]
[door closes]
[buzzing]
[door beeps, buzzes]
Saul Berenson.
Tasneem Qureshi.
We appreciate you
meeting with us, Your Honor.
[Haziq] Mmm.
I told your ambassador
this is highly irregular.
She insisted.
We're not trying to
compromise you.
Then, what do you want?
Your Honor,
Haqqani is not the man
you think.
He changed. He wanted peace.
He agreed to a ceasefire.
He was about to meet
with my president
to sign an agreement.
He didn't kill him
or order his death.
Haqqani's welcome
to say that.
And no one would listen.
[inhales] Which is why
we're here.
I have classified intelligence
that proves it.
-You do?
-We both do.
Then, offer it as evidence.
Unfortunately,
that's not possible.
Then, stand up in court and
repeat what you just told me.
I'm sorry, we can't.
Can you tell me who did
shoot down the helicopters?
We have teams in the field
looking for evidence.
Looking?
This is really inappropriate.
I'm going to have to
ask you to leave.
Your Honor...
I know there's
a lot of pressure on you.
What is that
supposed to mean?
It's no secret,
people want Haqqani dead.
Don't you dare.
Don't you dare impugn me
when you're unwilling
to stand up and say
what you claim is the truth.
You sneak here
in the middle of the night,
offering no evidence.
"Just trust me.
Haissam Haqqani has changed.
He's now Mahatma Gandhi."
I should never
have agreed to this.
[tense music playing]
What do you think
you're doing?
You want evidence? Here.
This happened eight days ago.
Haqqani was supposed
to be in that car.
I heard he wanted
to make peace.
I wanted to stop him.
So I put an RPG
through his windshield.
It didn't stop him.
He was still determined
to make peace. I know
he didn't kill the presidents.
What do you want?
Time.
Just that.
I'll open the trial
tomorrow as scheduled
and then order a continuance,
but I don't know
how much time
I can give you.
A week, maybe. No more.
Fine. Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
-What's happening?
-Someone's coming.
Special Ops?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Carrie] Oh, shit.
It's Jalal Haqqani.
[man speaking Pashto] In here.
[Max groaning in pain]
They told me
you were at the helicopters.
Who shot them down?
Did you see?
[breathing heavily]
What helicopters?
[groans, breathing heavily]
[speaking Pashto]
He has a fever. Get him water.
It's Jalal Haqqani.
I'm sure of it.
G'ulom has his father,
he has Max.
This is a bad situation.
Where the hell
is the extraction team?
-Mike, are you listening?
-Yeah.
-Did you call them, even?
-Yes.
What's taking them so long?
What do you think?
They can't put together
an operation
in a matter of hours,
especially if it involves
crossing the Pak border.
It... it's 7 miles across.
It's two minutes' flying time,
for Chrissake.
And assaulting a site
they haven't scouted.
-I'll scout it.
-Great, yeah.
Intel from a rogue agent
running around
with a Russian spy,
using his satellite phone
to communicate.
Do you know who else
is listening to this call?
Do you have
the faintest fucking idea?
-It's not like that.
-No?
People will believe that
when you turn yourself in.
I don't underestimate
the difficulty, I really don't.
But Max is one of ours.
He went up into the Korangal
because we asked him to.
He put his body on the line.
We can't just abandon him.
[breathes deeply]
-We're doing everything we can.
-[phone beeps]
[phone beeps]
They're not coming.
I have to go in
and get a closer look.
-I told you, we can't.
-I'm not asking you to come.
I just have to see
if he's alive, even.
-Carrie.
-I know.
-You get into trouble,
I'm leaving.
-I know.
I need a gun.
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[speaking Dari]
[guard in English]
Make it fast.
[Haissam] Saul.
-Haissam.
-Saul.
Last night, I got
the presiding judge to agree
to a continuance, a delay.
She'll open the case,
announce the charges,
and postpone the actual trial.
Why?
So we can find proof
that you didn't shoot down
the helicopter.
You didn't do this.
You're innocent.
Forty years of war,
no one is innocent.
[door opens]
[guard] You have to go.
See you out there.
-[door shuts]
-[lock clicks]
[indistinct chatter]
[camera shutter clicks]
[sighs] It's supposed
to be empty.
Who are all these people?
Families of people killed
in Taliban suicide bombings.
G'ulom's been bussing them in
since last night.
[door opens]
[crowd shouting angrily]
[shouting continues]
[crowd quietens]
[camera shutter clicks]
Where is she?
Jesus.
They switched judges on us.
[speaking Dari]
What's he saying?
[judge continues speaking]
Scott?
[Judge continues speaking]
"This man,
the so-called emir...
has plotted to overthrow
the Islamic Republic."
[continues speaking Dari]
[Scott] "He murdered
President Daoud."
[judge continues speaking]
"He murdered
the American President."
"He has brought misery
and pain on everyone here."
[continues speaking Dari]
"He deserves a thousand deaths,
but this court can only
give him one."
[tense music playing]
[continues speaking Dari]
"Death."
[chaotic shouting]
[camera shutters clicking]
David, can you hear me?
Just about. What's happening?
G'ulom fucked us.
Switched judges
at the Haqqani trial.
Lasted all of 30 seconds.
-Was there a verdict?
-What do you think?
Death. They could shoot him
in the next five minutes.
Hayes has to intervene.
[distant shouting]
Do you hear?
Hayes has to get
a stay of execution.
Yeah, well, I don't think
that's gonna happen.
Why the hell not?
G'ulom had a one-on-one
with Hayes yesterday.
First thing this morning,
Hayes demands
new voices on Afghanistan.
Guess who's in
the Oval Office right now.
John Zabel.
You can't be serious.
[crowd shouting, chanting]
Get in there before Zabel
gets his feet under the table.
Make the case.
Haqqani dies,
Afghanistan goes up in flames.
David, you have to tell them.
David, do you hear me?
I'm hanging on
by my fingertips here.
The President's asking
who's loyal, who's not.
Even talking to you hurts me.
All I can do right now
is stay close
and seem to go along.
Sorry, I gotta go.
What?
[crowd shouting, chanting]
[Wellington clears throat]
[woman] Yes, he's busy.
-[Wellington] Mr. President.
-David.
-You know John.
-I do.
We just heard from Kabul.
Haqqani guilty,
sentenced to death.
Yes.
I was saying to the President,
it took, uh, ten years to get
Osama Bin Laden,
but he avenged Ralph Warner's
murder in, what, three days?
[chuckles]
I can hardly claim credit.
I think that you can, sir.
It's what that part
of the world understands,
[chuckles]
is an eye for an eye,
a punch in the fucking nose.
Haqqani will be
up against a wall
before the end of the day,
and then we can start talking
about next moves.
[tense music plays]
[Max] Oh, no. No.
[groaning, struggling]
[indistinct chatter]
[Max shouting] No! No! No! No!
[grunts]
[Max grunting, groaning]
[Max groaning]
[man speaking Pashto]
[Max groaning,
breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
[man shouting]
[Max groaning, choking]
[groaning]
[groaning, panting]
[muffled grunting]
[Gromov] No.
No.
[breathing heavily]